chmod a+x app.py

$ mkdir new_project
$ cd new_project
$ virtualenv --no-site-packages env

source env/bin/activate

dependencies
flask/bin/pip install flask
flask/bin/pip install flask-login
flask/bin/pip install flask-openid
flask/bin/pip install flask-mail
flask/bin/pip install flask-sqlalchemy
flask/bin/pip install sqlalchemy-migrate
flask/bin/pip install flask-whooshalchemy
flask/bin/pip install flask-wtf
flask/bin/pip install flask-babel
flask/bin/pip install guess_language
flask/bin/pip install flipflop
flask/bin/pip install coverage
flask/bin/pip install passlib
flask/bin/pip install python-dateutil
flask/bin/pip install beautifulsoup4
flask/bin/pip install Flask-AlchemyDumps
Maybe need
flask/bin/pip install sqlalchemy-migrate
flask/bin/pip install openpyxl

sudo apt-get install libssl-dev
flask/bin/pip install pyopenssl

config.py
SQLALCHEMY_TRACK_MODIFICATIONS = False

disabled last 2 lines of code in models for search, not sure why this causes a bug

edited this as it says to
/home/jsnyder10/Documents/45/flask/local/lib/python2.7/site-packages/flask_whooshalchemy.py:18: ExtDeprecationWarning: Importing flask.ext.sqlalchemy is deprecated, use flask_sqlalchemy instead.

change connection to bridged in virtualbox to share server to windows host

Need to do
change config.py csrf secret key

merge ModelForm with Form to enable csrf

verify g.user.hash_password global variable is secure

changes ADMIN list in config.py

add alchemydumps to .gitignore

make mobility/manpower username 1to1
add to model User inactive

make mobility items and rules items one to one minus username



useful knowledge
make a header
users=models.USer.query.all()
header=[]
for c in models.User.__table__.columns:
 header.append(c.name)

for user in users:
 for head in header:
  getattr(user,head)

or in jinja
{{ user[head] }}

pip freeze
appdirs==1.4.3
decorator==4.0.11
infinity==1.4
intervals==0.8.0
packaging==16.8
passlib==1.7.1
pbr==3.0.1
pyparsing==2.2.0
python-dateutil==2.6.0
six==1.10.0
SQLAlchemy==1.1.10
sqlalchemy-migrate==0.11.0
SQLAlchemy-Utils==0.32.14
sqlparse==0.2.3
Tempita==0.5.2
validators==0.11.3
WTForms==2.1
WTForms-Alchemy==0.16.2
WTForms-Components==0.10.3
